# Custom Command Bot's Privacy Policy
Get detailed information here about our, your rights and other information.

# Our Rights

* Children under 13 years are not allowed to use our service

* Any type of Selfbotting or Misusage of our Bot is strictly prohibited

* Our Bot including Custom Bots can't be used to send/host Discussing Offensive/Controversial Material/Pirated content and NSFW Content.

* You are not allowed to break the Discord TOS or third-party TOS.

Not following our rules can lead to a ban and, in the worst case, a detailed report to Discord. For example, (Scam Servers).

# User Rights

* **Data Removal/Request**: You can contact us to have your data deleted or requested.
    * (Server Owner)You can delete data yourself by deleting all Custom Commands and Variables.
    * (User)
    You can leave the server or contact us to opt-out

* **Content Removal** The Bot and the website use third-party content like open source icons. As owner/maintainer, you have the right to request content removal.

* **Reports** Every user has the right to report a server that misuses our bot.

# Data we collect

* Server ID for identifying data and storing functional data (for example, commands count) 

* Users work like commands content(code)
We don't store any private data like other bots. Generally, we only store IDs of servers that are functional for the Bot.

* Variables setted by yourself on a command. You can leave the server to opt-out.


# New: Message Content Intent
Since the new approval of the discord message intent
Useful information gets listed here.
* We don't log out/save any type of message.
If a user sends a message, a custom command with the specified trigger gets executed. So not every message triggers a custom command. In this way, your privacy stays protected.Moreover, we have cooldowns, where a command can only receive a message every 4s if the command has been triggered. With the command! !!view, you can view what type of commands the server uses.
* You can always **opt-out** from our bot by leaving the server, and your data will be deleted within 15 days or immediately(~ 1-2 day) (you must contact us for this).

# Data Retention

* We regularly do backups(every 10 days). Old backups get overwritten.

For more detailed information about what "User ID","Session Cookies" are, look [here pls.](https://ccommandbot.com/docs) (difficult to read due to lawyer English)

# Encryption

All data is saved encrypted in our database. In this way, nobody can view the plain database (Example: on an exploit) without our salted token.

# Contact Us

Generally,we recommend you contact us through our server to get a faster response.

* Email: [ccommandbot@protonmail.com](mailto:ccommandbot@protonmail.com)
* Server: [ccommandbot.com/join](http://ccommandbot.com/join) 